README.rst, before:

==========================================================
Sutils - Specialized utilities for general purposes |docs|
==========================================================

Overview
========

This module encapsulates specialized algorithms for the manipulation data,
counters, events, queues, multiprocessing and more...

Stable:

    - Documentation: http://pythonhosted.org/sutils
    - Download Page: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/sutils

Latest:

    - Documentation: http://rrtools.readthedocs.io/
    - Project Homepage: https://github.com/davtoh/Sutils

BSD license, (C) 2015-2017 David Toro <davsamirtor@gmail.com>

Documentation
=============

For API documentation, usage and examples see files in the "documentation"
directory.  The ".rst" files can be read in any text editor or being converted to
HTML or PDF using Sphinx_. Read the manual_ or a HTML version is online at
http://sutils.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ .

Examples are found in the directory examples_ and unit tests in tests_.

Installation
============
``pip install sutils`` should work for most users.

Once sutils is successfully installed you can import the it in python as:

    >>>> import sutils

Releases
========

All releases follow semantic rules proposed in https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0440/
and http://semver.org/

- Contributions and bug reports are appreciated.
- author: David Toro
- e-mail: davsamirtor@gmail.com
- project: https://github.com/davtoh/Sutils

.. _examples: https://github.com/davtoh/Sutils/tree/master/examples
.. _tests: https://github.com/davtoh/Sutils/tree/master/tests
.. _Python: http://python.org/
.. _Sphinx: http://sphinx-doc.org/
.. |docs| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/pyserial/badge/?version=latest
   :target: http://sutils.readthedocs.io/
   :alt: Documentation
.. _manual: https://github.com/davtoh/Sutils/blob/master/documentation/_build/latex/Sutils.pdf

Commit message:

change of project name from sutils to advutils

README.rst, after:

============================================================
advutils - advanced utilities for general purposes |docs|
============================================================

Overview
========

This module encapsulates advanced algorithms for the manipulation data,
counters, events, queues, multiprocessing and more...

Stable:

    - Documentation: http://pythonhosted.org/sutils
    - Download Page: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/sutils

Latest:

    - Documentation: http://rrtools.readthedocs.io/
    - Project Homepage: https://github.com/davtoh/advutils

BSD license, (C) 2015-2017 David Toro <davsamirtor@gmail.com>

Documentation
=============

For API documentation, usage and examples see files in the "documentation"
directory.  The ".rst" files can be read in any text editor or being converted to
HTML or PDF using Sphinx_. Read the manual_ or a HTML version is online at
http://sutils.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ .

Examples are found in the directory examples_ and unit tests in tests_.

Installation
============
``pip install advutils`` should work for most users.

Once sutils is successfully installed you can import the it in python as:

    >>>> import advutils

Releases
========

All releases follow semantic rules proposed in https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0440/
and http://semver.org/

- Contributions and bug reports are appreciated.
- author: David Toro
- e-mail: davsamirtor@gmail.com
- project: https://github.com/davtoh/advutils

.. _examples: https://github.com/davtoh/advutils/tree/master/examples
.. _tests: https://github.com/davtoh/advutils/tree/master/tests
.. _Python: http://python.org/
.. _Sphinx: http://sphinx-doc.org/
.. |docs| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/pyserial/badge/?version=latest
   :target: http://sutils.readthedocs.io/
   :alt: Documentation
.. _manual: https://github.com/davtoh/advutils/blob/master/documentation/_build/latex/advutils.pdf
